README.md, before:

# Unfolded Circle Integration StormAudio

This repository contains the source code for the [Unfolded Circle Remote Two/3](https://www.unfoldedcircle.com/) integration driver for StormAudio devices.

The integration is based on the amazing work of JackJPowell's [ucapi-framework](https://github.com/jackjpowell/ucapi-framework).

## Installing the integration on the Remote

1. Download the integration package (tar.gz file) from the [Releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases) page
2. Upload via the Remote's web configurator under Integrations
3. Configure your device through the setup wizard

## Updating the integration on the Remote

1. Download the integration package (tar.gz file) from the [Releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases) page
2. Remove the existing integration from the Remote (twice) → no worries, all your configured activity settings will still be there.
3. Update via the Remote's web configurator under Integrations
4. Configure your device through the setup wizard

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](https://semver.org) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags and releases in this repository](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases).

## Changelog

The major changes found in each new release are listed in the [changelog](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) and under the GitHub [releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases).

## Development

### Project Structure

```
├── driver.json              # Integration metadata and configuration
├── intg-stormaudio/         # Main integration code
│   ├── const.py             # Constants and device configuration dataclass
│   ├── device.py            # Device communication and state management
│   ├── discover.py          # Network device discovery
│   ├── driver.py            # Main entry point
│   ├── media_player.py      # Media player entity
│   └── setup.py             # Setup flow and user configuration
├── config/                  # Runtime configuration storage
├── Dockerfile               # Container build configuration
└── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
```

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- uv
- Docker, Docker Compose

### Running the integration

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

2. Run the integration either locally or via a Compose environment:
   1. Locally:
      ```bash
      uv run intg-stormaudio/driver.py
      ```
   2. via Compose:
      ```bash
      docker compose up --remove-orphans --build --watch
      ```

### Adding and removing dependencies

#### Adding dependencies

```bash
uv add <dependency>
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev
```

#### Removing dependencies

```bash
uv remove <dependency>
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev

```

#### Updating all dependencies

```bash
uv lock --upgrade
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev
```

### Environment Variables

| Variable                   | Description                                 | Default   |
|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `UC_LOG_LEVEL`             | Logging level (DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR) | `DEBUG`   |
| `UC_CONFIG_HOME`           | Configuration directory path                | `/config` |
| `UC_INTEGRATION_INTERFACE` | Network interface to bind                   | `0.0.0.0` |
| `UC_INTEGRATION_HTTP_PORT` | HTTP port for the integration               | `9090`    |
| `UC_DISABLE_MDNS_PUBLISH`  | Disable mDNS advertisement                  | `false`   |


## Resources

- [UC Integration Python Library](https://github.com/aitatoi/integration-python-library)
- [UCAPI Framework](https://github.com/jackjpowell/ucapi-framework)
- [Unfolded Circle Developer Documentation](https://github.com/unfoldedcircle/core-api)

## License

Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 – see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

chore(#26): Add instructions to install the git-hooks

README.md, after:

# Unfolded Circle Integration StormAudio

This repository contains the source code for the [Unfolded Circle Remote Two/3](https://www.unfoldedcircle.com/) integration driver for StormAudio devices.

The integration is based on the amazing work of JackJPowell's [ucapi-framework](https://github.com/jackjpowell/ucapi-framework).

## Installing the integration on the Remote

1. Download the integration package (tar.gz file) from the [Releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases) page
2. Upload via the Remote's web configurator under Integrations
3. Configure your device through the setup wizard

## Updating the integration on the Remote

1. Download the integration package (tar.gz file) from the [Releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases) page
2. Remove the existing integration from the Remote (twice) → no worries, all your configured activity settings will still be there.
3. Update via the Remote's web configurator under Integrations
4. Configure your device through the setup wizard

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](https://semver.org) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags and releases in this repository](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases).

## Changelog

The major changes found in each new release are listed in the [changelog](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) and under the GitHub [releases](https://github.com/tinogo/uc-intg-stormaudio/releases).

## Development

### Project Structure

```
├── driver.json              # Integration metadata and configuration
├── intg-stormaudio/         # Main integration code
│   ├── const.py             # Constants and device configuration dataclass
│   ├── device.py            # Device communication and state management
│   ├── discover.py          # Network device discovery
│   ├── driver.py            # Main entry point
│   ├── media_player.py      # Media player entity
│   └── setup.py             # Setup flow and user configuration
├── config/                  # Runtime configuration storage
├── Dockerfile               # Container build configuration
└── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
```

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- uv
- Docker, Docker Compose

### Running the integration

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

2. Install the git-hooks:
   ```bash
   uv run pre-commit install
   ```

3. Run the integration either locally or via a Compose environment:
   1. Locally:
      ```bash
      uv run intg-stormaudio/driver.py
      ```
   2. via Compose:
      ```bash
      docker compose up --remove-orphans --build --watch
      ```

### Adding and removing dependencies

#### Adding dependencies

```bash
uv add <dependency>
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev
```

#### Removing dependencies

```bash
uv remove <dependency>
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev

```

#### Updating all dependencies

```bash
uv lock --upgrade
uv export --format requirements.txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-annotate --no-header --no-hashes --no-dev
```

### Environment Variables

| Variable                   | Description                                 | Default   |
|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `UC_LOG_LEVEL`             | Logging level (DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR) | `DEBUG`   |
| `UC_CONFIG_HOME`           | Configuration directory path                | `/config` |
| `UC_INTEGRATION_INTERFACE` | Network interface to bind                   | `0.0.0.0` |
| `UC_INTEGRATION_HTTP_PORT` | HTTP port for the integration               | `9090`    |
| `UC_DISABLE_MDNS_PUBLISH`  | Disable mDNS advertisement                  | `false`   |


## Resources

- [UC Integration Python Library](https://github.com/aitatoi/integration-python-library)
- [UCAPI Framework](https://github.com/jackjpowell/ucapi-framework)
- [Unfolded Circle Developer Documentation](https://github.com/unfoldedcircle/core-api)

## License

Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 – see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
